Bugs:
- I broke line of sight somehow.
    - Fixed
    - Techs with 0 research time and 0 cost are instantly researched. Thus 'free' upgrades TOWN WATCH caused this bug.
- Everyone can research all stacked techs (e.g. Turks can now research every monk tech)
    - Fixed
    - Every x2 x4... tech is now connected to the original tech by requiring it (e.g. Herbal Medicin x2 is tech 1361 and now requires 441 to be researched first)


Changelog 256 mod:

21 - 07 - 2020

Updated to patch version 39284


29 - 05 - 2020

Removed all the free techs.



28 - 05 - 2020

Renamed to x511 mod, because there was one step too much making it 511x mod instead (1 + 2 + 4 + 8 + 16 + 32 + 64 + 128 + 256 = 511)
THUMB RING
    Now multiplies by 0 after the 5th step, because then it gets so small it will be less than a frame thus not measurable for the game.
    It is also free after this step.
SUPPLIES 
    Limited to 3 times and the last step just sets it to 0 food requirement
Bonus damage
    The maximum bonus damage is 1000 for whatever reason. Everything after that bugs out. This will be the limit for everything.
    E.g. Milita with 4 attack and ARSON. Camel takes 4 dmg, because no bonus damage and no armor. If the milita has 1023 bonus damage against buildings it will deal 27 damage instead.
    I have no idea why 1000 it does not make any sense. This has to be either hard coded or they use base10 numbers in their code, which would be quiet odd...
Elite units
    In general Elite units were much to strong.
    400hp elite longboats, elite axeman with 20 melee armor and longbowmen with 14 base range are a tad to much.
CAREENING / DRY DOCK
    Garrison limit with CAREENING/DRY DOCK is up to 255.
SHIPWRIGHT
    Removed last three instances, because they are multiplies by 0 + epsilon at this point. (Again x0 + no cost)
HERBAL MEDICIN
    Libre office calc just refused to display the last multiplication. Rude... It just says #NUM!
    Removed after the 3rd research, because it heals everything instantly.
HOARDINGS, MASONRY, ARCHITECTURE
    Removed kind of. (Set to x1 after 1 research)
    Yeah I know it kind of is against the whole 256x mod stuff, but I think these techs just suck the fun out of the mode.
    I don´t want the players to remember how often they got each tech just to not break all their buildings.
    HOARDINGS is now free after the first research, but has no effect.
    MASONRY and ARCHITECTURE cost half of the original cost as their effect is reduced to giving armor.
    GREAT WALL same as HOARDINGS
SAPPERS
    Is exceeding the limit of 1000 bonus damage and is now capped to it.
    This makes the two last researches useless and the third to last only improves the bonus damage by 55, thus it will only cost as much as 4 SAPPERS researches.
TOWN WATCH / TOWN PATROL
    Maximum sight radius is 22. After that TOWN WATCH/TOWN PATROL is free.
HEAVY PLOW 
    No longer improves farm rate.
MANIPUR CAVALRY
    No love for Burmese cav? It was not stacked... :´(
CARAVANS
    Last four upgrades break trade hard. Removed. (Docks suddenly give -2 billion gold)
    Reduced the movement speed increase on the 4th and 5th upgrade. As trade per trip is calculated by distance / movement speed, it will increase the gold per trip.
SULTANS
    Last 5 techs don´t improve trade anymore, because in combination with caravans (which should be prefered anyways) it breaks trade.
IRONCLAD
    Is still not stackable, because I suck at using the editor.
CHIEFTAINS
    Last upgrade is useless, because of the 1000 bonus dmg limit. Made it 'free'.
GILLNETS
    Breaks Fishtraps after 4 researches. Removed the not working ones.
DRY DOCK
    The 5th research kinda broke it, but not totally. Thus the factor of the 5th is reduced to x2 and every therafter is removed.
CHEMISTRY
    Increases now melee damage of mangonels and not pierce damage, which is not used by mangonels...
SIEGE ENGINEERS
    Should do a hella lot more damage now.
    The bonus damage will quickly go over 1000 escpecially for trebs/bombard/rams/petard
    Rams no longer gain bonus range.
FUROR CELTICA
    Limited to 32767 hp otherwise everything just dies.
GREAT WALL
    Sorry fatslob, but as all HP techs for buildings are intertwined this just cannot be stackable. Otherwise all your precious wall will just crumble on their own. Limited to 1 research.
DRILL
    Toned down a bit to not crash and burn everything.
CHATRAS
    Last upgrade just gives 9497 hp instead of 12800, otherwise with bloodlines everything dies.
MAHOUTS
    Only works one time, because it stacks with husbandry and will thus break the game pretty fast. I want to see those flappy boys kill not glitch out.

Findings:
    Bonus damage will overflow if it is set over 1000. See ARSON.
    Garrison limit will overflow after 255. (At least for transport ships)
    Techs with 0 cost and 0 research time are automatically researched if available.
        I made TOWN WATCH/PATROL free, but I also reduced the research time to 0 just to make it clear, but after that just by upping to feudal age you had 22 LoS because some of TOWN WATCH was 'free'.
    Carry capacity and HP is a 16 bit signed int thus the max is 32767

Problems:
- Attack overflows:
    - If any attack type is increased over 255 too much it will overflow into different effects 
    - For example PARTHIAN TACTICS increases the cav archer attack by 4 against spearman, but after 256 times you can deal 1k damage against castles
- Breaking techs are not removed:
    - I did not remove techs that break the game like GILLNETS or HUSBANDRY, but rather made them useless and set the cost to 0.
    - I simply do not know how to remove these techs without having to reshuffle all of the other tech effects...
    - If someone with more knowledge of the GenieEditor can adjust that I would be grateful.